I was born in the United
States but I lived in Hong Kong for many
years my business in Asia was
successful and I became
Rich after 20 years I decided to visit
my home in New York on my way from Hong
Kong to New
York I stayed one week in
California I had a friend who lived in
the city of San
Francisco and I wanted to see him
again his name was mun
dampier and he had been my friend for
many
years we had written many letters to
each
other but recently I have not received
any news from
him dumpier had never had a
job his father gave him a little money
so dampier had never
worked dampier was a superstitious
man he believed that luck or magic could
make things happen in his
life he spent most of his time reading
strange
books most of the books were about
Occult
Philosophy I called them books about
magic and as soon as I arrived in San
Francisco I sent a message to dampier's
house the message
said I am staying in San Francisco for 3
Days may I visit
you dampierre surprised
me an hour later he sent a servant to my
hotel with a
reply come to my house at once my dear
friend he wrote
come this
evening you'll remember the
house I'm sure it was my father's
home I live in a tower at one end of the
house you don't have to ring the bell or
knock on the
door I'll tell the servants to go to
bed and I'll leave the front door of the
tower
open come up the stairs immediately
I'll be waiting for you please come
soon I rode in a cab to dampier's
house that evening the weather was
stormy a strong wind was blowing and
cold rain was
falling I had forgotten that California
is cold and wet in
Winter I only remembered the
sunshine not the wind and the rain
[Music]
rain dampier's house was near the
Pacific
Ocean it was an ugly twostory building
that was made of
bricks there was a tower at one
end the house was surrounded by a garden
of many trees and beautiful
plants but now it was
Winter and there were no leaves on the
trees or flowers on the
[Music]
plants the driver stopped his cab near
the
tower although the front door was only 5
yards away I became soaked with rain as
soon as I stepped out of the
cab I ran to the door of the Tower and
turned the
handle the door was unlocked and I
opened it one small lamp burned on the
stairway and it did not give much
light the hall was full of
Shadows and I could not see
clearly I climbed the stairs
slowly touching the wall with my
fingers at the top of the stairs there
was another
door I opened it and went into a room
that was lit with another small lamp
dumpier came forward held my hand and
shook
it he was wearing a long silk coat and
soft leather slippers on his
feet his clothes were old-fashioned and
strange we looked at each other and I
was
shocked I had not seen dumpier for many
years my friend has changed a
lot he had been a handsome man but now
his hair was gray and his face was very
pale there were many lines around his
eyes and
mouth dumpier looked like a thin old man
but he was not older than
50 his large and bright eyes Shone
strangely in the shadowy
room welcome my friend
please sit down he
said dpia offered me some wine and a
cigar and we talked a
little but I am afraid that our
conversation was not very
interesting meeting friends after many
years can be difficult and it can make
you
sad maybe dampier guessed my
thoughts nonm qualis arum I'm not as I
was he
said I tried to make a
joke your Latin hasn't improved I
replied my friend
smiled Latin is a dead language and I'm
a dead man he
said then his smile disappeared and he
said I'll die very
soon I did not know what to
say I smoked my cigar and drank my wine
we were both silent for several
minutes outside the wind had stopped
blowing I wanted to leave the
house suddenly I heard a strange
noise tap tap
tap it was the sound of someone or
something
knocking was the sound coming from one
wall of the Tower
tap tap
tap the sound was not quick or loud it
was not the sound of someone knocking
loudly on a
door the soft taing sounded like someone
sending a signal a
message dampier had forgotten
me he was staring at the
wall there was a strange expression on
his
face my friend looked excited and
Afraid his eyes Shone
brightly I did not know what to
do should I go or
stay I stood
up I I see that you are very tired I
said I'll leave may I visit you
tomorrow dampier turned his head and
looked at
me please stay he
said there's no
problem nobody is
there he walked to a small window and
opened
it I had not noticed the window
earlier look he
said I walked across the room and looked
out of the
window I could see nothing except the
light of a Street Lamp and rain
falling no one was standing
outside there was no one near the wall
of the
tower please don't leave me said
dumpier I must tell you a story you're
the only man that I can tell it
to will you listen to my
story I wanted to go back to my hotel
hell
dampier his house and the strange noise
made me feel
uncomfortable I think that I am a
sensible and intelligent
man but I felt unhappy and frightened in
that Old Tower
room however I did not want to upset my
old
friend very well I said I'll stay and
listen
dumpier poured me another drink and
offered me another
cigar then he began to tell his
story I didn't move into this house
until my father died dampierre
said that was 10 years ago when I was
about 40 years
old when my father died I got his
business his property and his money
before his death I lived in a large
apartment building on ringcon Hill said
dampier maybe you know that area of San
Francisco rencon hill was a fashionable
area 50 years
ago but now it is run down and
neglected the owner of the apartment
building rented out many of its small
rooms
the walls of the rooms were
thin you could almost put your hand
through
them I was lucky dumpier went on the
rent was cheap and I had a large room in
the
building no one visited me and no one
Disturbed
me I could study my books
quietly I lived happily on ringcon Hill
one morning as I was leaving the
apartment I saw a young girl dumpier
continued it was a warm day in
June she was wearing a white dress and a
straw
hat there were brightly colored flowers
and ribbons around the brim of the
Hat then I saw the girl's
face it's difficult to find words to
describe
it her face was strange and
beautiful I had never seen such a
beautiful face
before without thinking I lifted my hat
and
bowed she looked at me with shining
brown eyes but she didn't
speak I knew that she was pleased to see
me but she didn't smile
she went into the house and shut the
door I stood and stared at the closed
door would I see her again should I
speak to
her would she speak to
me maybe you think that these are the
thoughts of a much younger man said
dumpier and maybe you're
right but these feelings were new to
me I'd never been in love
before I'd spent too many years with
books and too little time with
people now I believe that you're my only
friend soon none of this will
matter I don't feel foolish when I talk
to
you dampo stopped speaking for a few
moments then he went on with his
story the next day I waited in my
apartment
for many hours I stared out of the
window I watched the street but the girl
didn't come out of the
building I didn't know her name so I
couldn't ask anyone about
her that night I couldn't
sleep the next morning I sat by the
window again and
waited then suddenly she came out of the
apartment building and I went out
too but when I reached the street she
had
disappeared I didn't see where she had
gone so I walked around the
neighborhood at last I saw her in a
narrow
Street we smiled at each
other she recognized me I'm sure of
that from that time I often went out
when the girl went
out she always wore the straw hat with
the brightly colored flowers and ribbons
on its
brim I didn't follow her I simply walked
around the
neighborhood and hoped to see her
again at last I went to the land lady of
the
apartment who is the girl with the
pretty face and the straw hat I asked
her
she's my niece
sir the land lady
replied she's a servant in this
house she lives here because her parents
are
dead she works for me she cooks and
cleans the
building I also sent her to buy our
food she lives at the top of the
house her room is next to yours but at
the top of the other
staircase oh my
friend I wish that I'd never heard that
piece of information dumpier said to
me the girl's room was next to
mine she was on the other side of the
thin
wall at night I put my hand on the wall
and I thought of
her was her bed by the
wall was she sleeping only a few inches
from my
hand I couldn't study because of the
girl said
dumpier my mind wasn't
clear I only thought about the
girl I couldn't study my books about the
occult I'd never wanted to marry dumpier
went
on I'd never wanted a wife and children
I was only interested in
learning and I could never marry Mar a
poor uneducated servant
girl my father would never have given
his
permission all my money came from my
father if he had stopped giving me
money
well what happened next I
asked my friend looked at me
sadly I stopped waiting for her and I
stopped watching
her I only studied
I spent all my time reading my
books but one hot night I couldn't
sleep thoughts were racing around and
around in my
mind I thought again and again about the
beautiful
girl I wanted to be with
her she was only on the other side of
the
wall I tapped on the
wall I tapped very gently three
times tap tap
tap I tapped
again tap tap
tap then I felt
foolish I was behaving like a boy who
was in love for the first
time I got out of my bed and began to
study my
books I was reading a strange book
dampier said
it was a book of Occult Philosophy by
necromantia you would call it a book of
magic and
Superstition in his book necromantia
describes how to be a fortun teller
necromantia also wrote about strange and
terrible things that happen three
times when these things happened three
times death would
come necromantia called this a fatal
Triad I believe that a fatal Triad has
happened to
me why I asked what
happened while I was alone reading that
strange book by necromantia said
dampier I heard a
sound it was a soft tapping
sound it came from Beyond the
Wall it was the answer to my own
signal
tap
tap I knew that the pretty servant girl
was sending a message to me she wanted
me to come to her I ran to the wall and
tapped my signal
again tap tap
tap
tap but after that there was
silence she didn't reply to any of my
other
signals I listened for many
hours but I heard nothing
more for many days after this I looked
for the girl dumpier said but I never
saw her again I tried to forget her then
one evening I went to to bed early
because I was very
tired in the middle of the night I awoke
suddenly I heard a soft
sound I opened my eyes and sat
up I heard a soft tapping on the wall
beside the
bed in a few moments it was
repeated tap tap
tap I was going to reply to the signal
then I
stopped the girl hadn't replied to my
last
messages I would not reply to her
now dampier drank a little wine and then
continued I lay in bed listening he
said but I didn't
reply at last I must have
slept when I awoke it was late and I
felt
tired I needed some fresh air so I left
my
apartment the land lady was outside my
door oh Mr dampier she said have you
heard the terrible
news my heart began to beat
quickly my voice shook when I
answered what what news I asked
her my my poor niece was sick for a week
the land lady
replied didn't you
know I've seen you watching her didn't
you know that she was
ill I was shocked said
dumpier I didn't know what to
say
yes I had looked at the girl but I'd
never spoken to
her my mind was always full of thoughts
of my books and thoughts of
her how much time had passed since I had
seen the girl a few days a week I
couldn't
remember and how is your niece now I
asked the land
lady I'm sorry sir the land lady replied
she was very ill last night and I took
care of
her the poor girl made only one
request she wanted her bed to be
moved she wanted her bed to be beside
the
wall the wall next to your
room so we moved her
bed this made her feel happier a poor
thing then she touched the wall and
smiled a few hours later she
died the expression on dampier's face
was
terrible there were tears in his eyes as
he continued his
story when I heard this news I nearly
died too said my
friend I didn't know what to
say what had I
done I had sent my thoughts to the girl
and she had
answered I had not called out in
words I had used a cult philosophy magic
to send her a
message dampier was silent for a few
minutes then he went
on a few days later I heard of my
father's death said dumpier
sadly I left the apartment on Ranon Hill
and came to his
house this
house it's been my home since then
I've been waiting here in this tower for
years I've been waiting for a
visitor I wasn't expecting to see you
but your visit wasn't a
surprise necromantia tells us how signs
are repeated three
times you've heard my
story you must decide if my story has
happened because of a fatal Triad
I heard the tapping twice
before the first time I tried to find
the person who made the
noise the second time many signals were
sent to me but I didn't
reply now you've heard the tapping
too that was the third
time the Fatal Triad is
complete I stood up and shook dampier's
hand my friend knew that I understood
his sadness and
pain he pressed my hand with his fingers
and
smiled I said good
night there was nothing more to say the
next morning a servant came from
dampier's house he brought a sad message
for
me my friend
mun dampier had died in the
night the voice over in this video is
given by English 5 days copying or
re-uploading is totally forbidden